A rebel statement sent to Lisbon from Jamba said 86 government soldiers and 13 guerrillas were killed in the fighting that ended Jan. 3. It said the rebel forces sill held Mavinga.
Authorities last week issued a vacate order for a club in Manhattan and closed another in the Bronx.
At the first Pan Am bankruptcy hearing, for example, at least five airlines were represented.
Mr. Neigum, poker-faced during the difficult task, manages a 46-second showing.
This, combined with the container division talks, suggests the group's bankers might be considering an orderly disposal of all assets.
She told the Post in an interview published Sunday that some of the money may have become "mingled" into improvements on her home that included a swimming pool, a $2,500 wide-screen television and renovations to her basement.
According to a study by the Marshall Institute, the average NASA employee's age in 1963 was 30; now most of its senior and middle-managers will be eligible to retire in five years.
Preston Tisch, 62, is president and co-chief executive officer of Loews Corp. and is a former postmaster general.
"We're dealing with an owner who couldn't give a rip. They cut off her mail and she got a post office box." Starting Friday, an animal-control officer is accompanying Finster on his route.
Asked if he might bring the world leaders to Texas, possibly to San Antonio, the president remarked, "That's a distinct possibility.
He said Muscovites, who gave him 89 percent of the vote in a two-way race in March, would be "partially satisfied." On the march to Pushkin Square, a city bus stopped, and dozens of passengers got off to join in.
Changes to the VAT rules mean a Pounds 900m tax payment in the second half.
"He came up to me and said, `You tell Mickey Roache,' our police commissioner, `he's doing a wonderful job in that Stuart case and we're with him all the way,"' Flynn said.
The government tried to forestall any criticism from African countries that have accused it of being too cooperative with South Africa.
But the official left open the possibility of such trials for Saddam Hussein, his clique and other officers accused of committing atrocities in Kuwait.
"My husband says he's not sure he'll be employed next month." Some retailers insist all the promotional sales, savings coupons and other marketing efforts are drawing customers.
We look forward to providing a unique and exciting shopping experience to the region." Macy's operates 149 department stores in the United States under the names Macy's, Bullock's and I. Magnin.
But other major banks left their rates unchanged, and after Black Monday those three banks quickly lowered their rates back to 9 1/2%.
So he joined Hyatt's frequent-guest program; so far, he has cashed in on discounted and upgraded rooms.
De Klerk said Wednesday's balloting ratified his reforms.
"The results are highly encouraging," said Auxiliary Bishop James T. McHugh of Newark, N.J., director of the church's Diocesan Development Program for Natural Family Planning.
Mr. Hoover expects industry revenue to grow 19% annually, reaching a 1990 level more than double last year's estimated $6 billion.
The entree, like the politicking and gossiping, varies each week.
Under the first civil settlement of Boesky-related cases, reached in January, the 46 investors in Boesky's partnership will receive $248 million in liquidation proceedings.
In-Store's president, Steve Kahler, doesn't view Shoppers' Video as a big threat.
Quaker Oats Co. today reported a 9.2 percent drop in its third-quarter earnings, citing an extraordinary expense of $20.7 million stemming from the consolidation of its European food-manufacturing operations.
Can we never see eye-to-eye until all 120 million Japanese become Christians?" My second encounter occurred in the late 1980s, when I overheard a comment as I passed by a meeting room in the New York head office of a major financial organization.
In addition, union and management have promised to work together to resolve problems arising from layoffs, production schedule changes, major investments and day-to-day decisions once left entirely to management.
While the results of Gulf States' campaign remain to be seen, it is also arousing the company's easily aroused critics.
"The item veto is not a simple, politically neutral device for bringing about economy and efficiency in government.
"This isn't a hostile offer," said Stuart A. Rose, chairman and chief executive officer of Audio/Video, a Dayton, Ohio-based electronics parts distibutor.
In the long term, stock in the drilling company may have value, he said, but he isn't assigning much value to it at this point.
Some analysts believe the CBS network had a loss of $20 million to $30 million in the fourth quarter and may show a loss in the current period.
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds fell to 8.54%, the lowest level since mid-July of last year and down from 9 1/8% as recently as about two weeks ago.
The kit has an adaptor with crocodile clips 'enabling access to be made directly into a convenient wall box.'
Last year, the FDA said it would allow people with life-threatening illnesses to import personal supplies of unapproved drugs.
That would be quite impossible without either uncounted cash subsidies or uncounted in-kind aid that frees up cash that otherwise would be needed for necessities.
No children in the sixth-grade classroom at Most Pure Heart of Mary School were hit.
As the first wines of the year, the Beaujolais nouveau, normally considered an inexpensive lightweight, served as a bellwether to both quality and the price the market will bear.
The sterling value of overseas equities and bonds was also greatly increased. So, it all worked out well in the end, but, nevertheless, the fundamentals of UK equity market valuation are stretched.
They have been rallying by the hundreds of thousands to push for more control over Kosovo, an ancient Slav heartland bordering Albania that is now dominated by ethnic Albanians.
'At the beginning, the Mexican attitude was very macho.
"My gut reaction is that consumers wouldn't be aware" of the alleged safety problems, said J.D. Powers' Mr. Cedergren.
Stock prices fell today as traders warily awaited the latest monthly report on employment.
In Allendale County, the Guard estimates it has a $1 million impact on the economy.
A study today concludes that virtually all asthma attacks are triggered by allergies, challenging a widely held belief.
And Germans in both east and west have accepted the inevitability of a rapid unification since the Berlin Wall opened Nov. 9.
Disney World in Florida is famed for its marketing to Latin America.
Those opinions are those of Mr. Yeltsin," Arbatov said in an interview.
The two firms later backed out of the deal because of heavy pressure from officials at Nomura, according to news reports.
The leader of a one-man crusade to open a home for people with AIDS has left town, emotionally battered and financially strapped but insisting Wednesday that his was a successful fight to change attitudes.
Mr. Stadiem is unabashedly nostalgic.
Frank lied about how he met Gobie and he lied when he wrote that, as far as he knew, Gobie was obeying the law.
Volume on the Big Board came to 86.36 million shares.
The single Independent in the upper house, Senator Brian Harradine, sided with the opposition. The legislation will now be referred back to the House of Representatives, which has already approved all eight budget bills.
In May, the year-to-year rise was 4.8%.
He was hospitalized in serious condition.
He also said he did not know why the decision was made.
Hundreds of Serbs have reportedly taken refuge in an army barracks in Petrinja, about 25 miles south of the Croatia'a capital of Zagreb, to escape riot police seeking to recover weapons.
OH, BY THE WAY, the General Accounting Office, Congress's audit arm, says IRS computers were in good shape to process 1987 returns.
Where Italy, in the eyes of their fans, have barely scraped through, Germany have done just enough.
Viewers could see a change from FNN to CNBC within days after the transaction is completed, he said.
But Mr. Iacocca counters, "I never worked harder in my life than in the last couple of years.
But towards the end of the decade developers were taking a much more confident view of the city's prospects as its image improved.
Cowper holds three records in The Guinness Book of Records 1990 for previous circumnavigations of the globe.
Mr. Meese has portrayed himself as being only a peripheral player in the Iran initiative before last November.
Authorities confiscated 570 pounds of heroin alleged to have been imported by Kon's organization in several seizures over the years, Stutman said.
A great German classic? Pandora's Box (Tartan Video).
The Massachusetts governor spent most of Monday in Boston, while George Bush was in Washington, leaving the campaign trail to Jackson.
Rally organizers said they'd gotten their message across to this community of 6,100 and called off plans to stage acts of civil disobedience.
The shares stand near the low for the year of 162.5 pence, and well below the year's high of 234 pence.
American Cyanamid intends to acquire Shell's crop protection business.
It said it terminated the agreement yesterday and didn't have any borrowings outstanding.
Prosecutors have arrested 12 people on suspicion of giving or taking bribes or violating security laws.
Margo Vignola at Salomon Brothers doesn't expect a stock ownership plan for American Medical.
Barco said he will present the proposed treaty to the lawmakers next week.
He promised "frugality with economic development." The three parties will have to agree on specific measures, such as boosting public utility rates and a proposed one-time tax on personal and company earnings.
Both sides accused the other of misinterpreting a peace plan signed two weeks ago and of violating a truce that started March 21.
The Cipollone plaintiff counsel and jury apparently assumed it reassured smokers by telling them that the health problems had been solved.
The earlier rallies, part of a nation-wide wave of student demonstrations, finally were crushed by the government.
The sale is part of Salinas' plan for cutting inflation and reviving the economy.
Strong results were recorded in its elevators, transport technology and maritime innovation divisions.
What makes Cray Computer a more unusual pick for Mr. Duncan is that its earnings have been nonexistent. Nevertheless, he looks for the firm to break even next year and hit $3 a share in earnings by 1994.
And suddenly it started shaking, which I'm used to.
The company and its partners - Siam Syntech Construction, Sino-Thai Engineering & Construction and OTV - overcame strong oppositon from seven consortia to secure the contract.
He said six Indians arrested at Kingsville in south Texas earlier Thursday told agents that alien smugglers had made arrangements for their trip at Casa Romero and had picked them up there.
The Party has chosen to sacrifice economic growth in favor of tighter state control over people's daily lives.
They want him to rein in his frequently careless exuberance. He is cheered by two things.
Turco said the study assumes that in even a small nuclear exchange the primary target would be oil and gas storage areas because such material is vital to military defense.
An accountant's wildest fantasies?
"It is my fervent hope that we will be able to reach an agreement that will be satisfactory to all concerned," Mitchell said.
I looked at my watch at the end, astonished that 100 minutes had gone by. But then I am looking at my watch again now, astonished that a vintage Venice festival has gone by, with only 36 hours, three films and a bunch of prizes to go.
And in case you may have missed it the first 38 times, the Pickle Packers International association is out once again to convince the world of the preserved cucumber's value in everything from elementary education to international policy making.
The Japanese are most enthusiastic about the notion of yen-denominated U.S. government bonds.
The combination of relatively high West German interest rates and the dollar's decline has put downward pressure on the weaker currencies in the European Monetary System's exchange-rate mechanism, particularly the French franc.
Some network executives say that if advertisers insist on pure people-meter data, they might lower, or even do away with, audience guarantees.
For nervous Conservative backbenchers with an eye on the next election, that might be no bad thing.
Palestinian demonstrators clashed with troops in the Balata and Fara refugee camps near Nablus following noon prayers.
This culture is just so disposable _ a McDonald's culture.
The U.S. government was among many to condemn these bannings.
Many forgeries were produced, most of which were printed by the authorities themselves.
Riots erupted for a third night in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, with violence centering on the city's mixed-race district.
Housing shortages have helped feed the still-growing homeless population.
The Soviet Union today sent medical supplies to Romania and appealed to its Warsaw Pact allies to help support the uprising against Nicolae Ceausescu, but it appeared to rule out military intervention.
Lawmakers say the aim is to increase voter turnout and open the nation's elections to Americans unable to leave work and stand in line at City Hall or merely too forgetful to register 30 days in advance as required in some states.
But the unexpected savings from the drought may now reduce the deficit below $146 billion.
Henry Waxman, D-Calif. "I hope the president will follow his own commission's advice." Waxman is among several members of Congress pushing for anti-discrimination legislation.
Bondholders agreed to reschedule the debt payments.
The maze design had to be adapted to meet certain U.S. standards, including exits to comply with fire codes, and breakaway panels in case of emergency.
It was founded by William Russell, a member of the Yale Class of 1833, apparently in reaction to the stripping of secrecy from Phi Beta Kappa, the honorary scholastic society, during the rise of a national anti-secrecy movement.
The plane is refueled and leaves Cyprus for Algeria.
It happened like this.
The death of the dinosaurs actually is the more significant trend, argues Robert Sobel, a professor of business history at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y.
A vaccine would be proven, he said, only when it is shown to give protection against the effects of these substances also.
He has done me a great, great favor and I would like to return the compliment."
He notes that the idea has been used with other assets including stocks, options, real estate and art.
Meanwhile, the circus animals are stuck in Newburgh, N.Y. The company that was transporting the animals took them there, to its headquarters, when the tour broke off after performances in just two cities.
A total of 463 people died in traffic accidents over the holiday weekend, the National Safety Council reported.
In early trading in Hong Kong on Friday, gold was quoted at $399.55.
Guenther Dahloff, an economic official of the West German Embassy, rose to say Mr. McPherson's concerns were just "a mirror image" of European concerns about U.S. trade policy, especially the huge new trade bill passed Wednesday.
Two settlement proposals offered by the alliance have been rejected by the writers.
"My roommate, Jeff Peltier, and I began fooling with it four years ago with our coach, Joe Bernal," Berkoff says.
But then who, just a little later, is this little girl with her back towards us, in white dress and hat and her racquet in her hand and her long black pigtail falling down her back?
Two sisters put up for adoption in Frankfurt, West Germany, 10 years ago will be reunited at the festivities.
The wins should restore the shop's leadership in new-business rankings among British ad agencies.
It wants to develop Birmingham as a business centre on a European and world-wide basis. Mr Moore says: 'The West Midlands is attempting to revive economically by attracting new investment in industry.
Both the 9,600-ton Bunker Hill and the 7,810-ton Fife are capable of deploying Tomahawk missiles.
Although Mr. Siegel is described by some friends as a man who is reluctant to leave any money on the table in a business negotiation, he is anything but a Scrooge in his personal life.
Ms. Savage-Rich wrote a weekly wine column for the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel.
Sect members won political control of the nearby community of Antelope, renaming it City of Rajneesh, and attempted to control voting in Wasco County by busing thousands of homeless people to the commune in 1984.
It must contain substantive reforms.
To diversify the family's holdings and shield some of it from taxation, the investment company lately has plunged into U.S. commercial real estate.
In Lahore, Pakistan, hundreds of Pakistanis lined a major street, chanting slogans and rattling placards in opposition to the temple.
Marriott won't disclose results of its Residence Inns, except to say they are profitable.
The teacher waited with them for the missing students and then took a ski lift up the slope to search.
Secondly, there was no desk to spare in the whole office and one had to be bought.
It would raise MaxSaver fares $10 each way and increase the advance purchase requirement to 30 days from seven days, but would lower the cancellation penalty to 50% from 100%.
The answer, according to Sen. Joseph Biden, depends on which conservative nominee he's lecturing.
Citizens Financial Group Inc. has agreed to be acquired for $440 million by the Royal Bank of Scotland, the sixth-largest banking group in the United Kingdom.
The museum has never valued "The Night Watch," which is not insured, in line with Culture Ministry policy.
The feds would stick to such health-threatening problems as asbestos.
"We must compel them (automakers) to retain all current workers unless their ability to survive is severely at risk as a result of conditions beyond their control," Bieber said in a speech to the convention.
Closer inspection reveals no stitching - hours of detailed tying and dying have produced an amazing effect of design and texture. For intricate stitching, Cordsen shows off a hand-made silk appliqued outfit, comprising coat, dress and trousers.
The verdict repudiated the ruling National Liberation Front (FLN) and its 28-year monopoly on power.
"This is the beginning of real change," Foreign Minstry spokesman Tepbishiin Chimeddorj said of his country, which strategically borders both the Soviet Union and China.
With state-chartered credit unions, the assets nationally total about $160 billion, he said.
In interviews from jail, the former chairman of the Bank of Crete has claimed Papandreou and other high government officials received millions of dollars in payoffs and authorized the looting of his bank.
"The only way we're going to resolve this drug problem is for the federal government to work with the state government and local officials.
The 45-year-old former airline pilot submitted his resignation to Venkataraman this morning.
The erosion of existing barriers to trade and investment in air services is likely to be accompanied by a major restructuring of the world airline industry.
Sasser called the deal "a minimalist agreement.
A Roman Catholic priest who celebrated his last Mass as an inner-city pastor said he saw a new beginning in the merger of his church with another one closed by the Detroit Archdiocese.
"That revenue figure in total is something that we can accept. Unfortunately, in Bush's budget, it is not legitimately obtained," Sasser said.
Many fled the country after the communists reunified it in 1975.
One exception was New York based Paramount Capital Group Inc., which runs a popular dividend-capture strategy called buy-writes.
"It was laced with humor, but it had a rebellious feeling about it and people responded to it.
Klan leaders said this year's rally in part was a celebration of the state's decision not to enforce the mask law, which a state judge ruled unconstitutional after Miller's arrest.
For the Balts, this means Washington is a lot friendlier than it used to be.
The East German news agency ADN reported Saturday that 70 segments of the Berlin Wall will be auctioned off on June 23 in the principality of Monaco.
About half invested in real estate or mortgages, while the rest of the money they raised went into everything from leasing jetliners to drilling for oil and operating cable-television systems.
It grew in size as the tax-writing committees tacked on amendments extending some expiring provisions and granting tax benefits for selected groups.
Noriega has had no way of monitoring the accounts since his arrest.
The new order was much broader and appeared directed at the millions of factories and commercial companies that have sprung up outside the state plan during a decade of economic reform.
"We have done extensive testing in attempts to identify any common design flaw that would be a root cause" for sudden acceleration, the spokesman said.
Great Lakes Bancorp said it has formed a mortgage-banking unit to expand its residential mortgage-loan business into the northern suburbs of Detroit.
Duane Allen, Joe Bonsall and Richard Sterban voted him out, citing friction among band members.
Any of these, at least at first glance, could preclude Mexico as a possible site.
"We're still working on how to implement what the president said," Charles Kolb, deputy undersecretary of the U.S. Department of Education, said in an interview Monday.
They were printed while Mrs. Sutcliffe was pursuing a libel case against the magazine for alleging she tried to cash in on her husband's notoriety by agreeing to sell her story to a newspaper.
There are, though, a few caveats.
Chemical has $74.1 billion in assets, while Manufacturers Hanover has $61.3 billion.
Hospital officials said another four Panamanians remained hospitalized in "stable" condition but gave no further details.
People over 65 make up 12 percent of the nation's population, but use 30 percent of health care services, Vagelos said.
At many large banks, cost-cutting began to lift earnings.
Pernilla Ostergren is a touching Ophelia, a child-woman who remains on stage for much of evening, a forlorn witness to most of the debauchery.
He seeks a better life, distances himself from his criminal heritage.
"If that gets reversed, we'll have some opportunities here."
Chrysler's sales also have taken a dive.
"It ostensibly was a good API number for crude.
He has fought this election as if he, rather than Mr Major, had inherited the party leadership after the toppling of Mrs Thatcher.
"The Transport Workers Union has not endorsed the unions' plan," Mr. Kerrigan said.
"If investors are getting out of stocks, then governments are the safest available alternative," said Charles Lieberman, a managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp.
"GE has become aware of the investigation by the Israeli government," said a GE spokesman.
Thus ended the campaign in the first of the industrial states to vote, a battle that seemed as clear-cut on the Republican side as it was complicated for the Democrats.
A woman was in critical condition today after nine hours of surgery to receive a new liver, following a plea from track star Carl Lewis to help locate an organ.
Perhaps Columbus, had been right, after all. I took my leave of the finest green refuge on New York City's outskirts: the evening bell was sounding and somebody was driving a car along the lower terrace to remind us that highway morals rule.
Coniston, which owns nearly 6 percent of Gillette stock, forced the proxy vote earlier this year in hopes of winning four directors' seats to pressure the 12-member Gillette board to sell the company.
To hire these people, employers are offered a subsidy amounting to Pounds 2,340 per year, which falls far short of the Pounds 8,000 that the average unemployed person costs the taxpayer.
First Interstate is a unit of First Interstate Bancorp. in Los Angeles.
It has been losing money through the 1980s.
That's why it's OK." A wounded Canadian fugitive being airlifted by a medical helicopter apparently tried to commandeer the aircraft in flight, causing it to crash and killing him and the three-member crew, authorities said Monday.
"What portion of the 12 percent are drivers is not yet known," said Richard Sykes, professor of speech communication at the University of Minnesota and director of the survey.
Maronites have controlled key government posts, the army and judiciary since independence from France in 1943.
The largest increase in the budget comes in the company's petroleum refining, marketing, petrochemicals and plastics business _ up from $330 million in 1988 to $389 million in 1989.
The $9.9 billion appropriations package is heading toward the president's desk following its approval by Congress on Thursday. The Senate passed it by voice vote; the House endorsed it on a 359-45 roll call.
Among other statistics released by the association: _The most common cardiovascular disease is high blood pressure, which affects 60 million Americans.
Like kinsmen in neighboring Zaire, their height averages about 3 feeet and they usually live in forests, eating meat, roots and wild fruit.
"If there's a meter there, we can't really turn down service as long as there are no safety problems," Liipfert says.
"Our investment banker felt the price should be increased to enable it to render a fairness opinion," said James E. Buckman, Days Inns executive vice president and general counsel.
Ramadan is in competition with another oldtimer, deputy chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council (the highest decision-making body) Izzat Ibrahim.
He may also face at least several months more for a 1981 probation violation, officials said.
(41) "Anything But Love," ABC, 12.9.
He called Helm's injuries "overwhelming." Helm, who commuted 250 miles to rural from the Oakland to rural Weaverville to visit his family on weekends, was trapped in his crushed car for 89 hours.
From January 3 the channel will broadcast European Money Wheel, five hours of business news and information on weekday mornings.
After reports earlier this year linked the apple pesticide Alar to cancer risks in children, supermarkets had to act "to head off a flap," he says.
So if the market were to rise by 35 per cent and then fall back, the investor would have secured a 30 per cent gain.
"That's not going to make people live their lives together and be responsible to each other," she says.
Williams also disclosed that the Pentagon's No. 2 procurement officer, Donald Yockey, and the Navy's assistant secretary for procurement, Gerald Cann, met with unidentified representatives of McDonnell Douglas and General Dynamics today.
Members of the opposition Hungarian Democratic Forum ruled out any coalition with the Communist Party before general elections planned next year.
Because ailments allegedly caused by asbestos take years to appear, new cases are still being filed.
The eager beaver tries to take over the group but generally isn't the best person.
The few Arabians that survived the allied bombing there landed back at Janow, Gen.
Herb Gray of Windsor, Ontario, immediately replaces Turner as head of the Liberals in Parliament.
Col. Triumfo Augustin, constabulary commander in the area, estimated 20,000 people were homeless.
Aker would not be drawn on details of the foreign investors. Mr Tom Ruud, Aker's chief executive, said the disposal had improved liquidity and cleared the way for the planned listing on the London stock exchange.
He quietly raised $200,000 for a black voter registration drive in the South that was instrumental in returning the Senate to Democratic control that fall.
The European Economic Community's economic sentiment indicator recovered strongly in March amid optimism about Europe's economic prospects for the next year, the EEC Commission said Thursday.
"We hope that the government will now hold to its own promised timetable and continue on a course to allow open and free elections," government spokesman Herbert Schmuelling said.
Davis died of cancer at George Washington University Hospital.
Another bank unit, Seafirst Corp., will have its Ba-1 senior debt reviewed, as will Seafirst National Bank's Baa-1 long-term deposits.
Three members of the jury reached Friday by telephone said the show had no effect on their verdict, the Tampa Tribune reported Saturday.
Like cellular telephone licenses, the FCC conducts lotteries to award wireless cable licenses.
He opened a private car-repair shop in 1985 by getting a license to repair the eastern German Trabant, the two-cylinder car with the plastic body and an engine that sounds like an angry lawn mower.
Civil rights activists are accusing the Supreme Court of "redneck justice" and urging Congress to stem what they say is a reactionary tide threatening 35 years of progress for minorities and women.
But it did reinforce the feeling that the economy isn't about to slump into a recession, analysts said.
Documents show the three-term Democrat, facing re-election in 1994, assisted Keating in his bid to have Gray removed from the examination of Lincoln.
The plane will remain at Norwood until Pan Am and the FAA have a chance to go over it, he said.
There is one plus, though.
The fleet commander, Adm.
"Between Christmas and New Year's, you might cut back to what you think is the bare minimum," says Thomas Barman, senior vice president of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse's New York branch.
Aboard the rocket was a communications satellite for the British military and a satellite for television and radio broadcasts to Europe.
The federal government will push harder to revive atomic power. Tax dollars may be used to develop a nuclear reactor with added safety features, but public opposition to the atom is likely to persist.
In Washington, the State Department disclosed Monday that Secretary of State James A. Baker III met with him in September at the U.N. General Assembly in New York.
California's press shield law, which forbids holding reporters in contempt for withholding confidential sources or unpublished material, provides ironclad protection in civil cases, the court said in a unanimous decision.
The dock contains five blocks of five-story, red-brick and cast-iron warehouses surrounding a 7-acre "courtyard" of water.
Their failure to share information is more than a bureaucratic tangle.
It hopes to treble its volume of communications business through its association with France Telecom.
At the end of the two years, he says, an undiversified portfolio that held just one or the other investment would have a cumulative return of zero.
Democratic Assemblyman Norman Waters began a vigil Friday in the Assembly chambers.
For starters, be aware of what these performance numbers really represent.
Six men survived 40 hours in the Pacific Ocean by fashioning a makeshift raft out of buoys and nets from their sunken fishing boat, the Coast Guard said.
Japan's robust economy has yet to show signs of inflation.
KEITH HARING ESTATE settled a lawsuit against Playboy.
Some funds are allowed to take bull and bear positions in a range of financial instruments, and even in agricultural commodities, where there is a perceived opportunity for profit.
Meanwhile, Mr. Walsh's staff is evaluating how it will gather information it needs from President Reagan.
His home number is unlisted.
One juvenile was in custody and warrants were issued for a second juvenile and Darryl Wilson, 22, of Denver, she said.
The Army, by comparison, would have half of its top 14 acquisition programs terminated next year and its budget slashed nearly 15% by the fall of 1994.
His first financial success came was the Servitron Robot, a vinyl, 4-feet-tall, remote-control toy that serves drinks at parties.
He said the investigation would be turned over to the Will County state's attorney's office.
Last month was the city's coldest and snowiest December on record, pushing Syracuse's snowfall for the decade to 1,075 inches, according to meteorologist Peter Jung.
If they can do what they did in this court, nobody is safe in the courts." Bradley was arrested March 4 while leaving a grocery store. Security guards testified during his trial that they saw Bradley eating several handfuls of grapes while shopping.
The Richmond, Va., company filed a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission last Friday about the court's reversal, and said it was "evaluating its options.
Saudi Arabia's readiness to compromise and the involvement of several Gulf heads of state underlined how seriously Opec takes the threat to its position.
Polish living standards dropped sharply in the early 1980s and still have not climbed back to the level of a decade ago.
This can hold up shipped cargo, and given the long and complicated Mexican custom procedures, add significantly to costs.
The new company's chairman would be Craig Wiggins, currently chairman of Foote Cone's European operations, and its vice chairman would be Gerard Pedraglio, a top Publicis executive.
The Soviets still operate about 100 such subs.
Frank Joseph Smithart, 19, apologized for the vandalism and pleaded guilty to two counts of second-degree criminal mischief for defacing the entrances to the two buildings.
However, the gains are so slight that average yields for most maturities are still below the levels of two weeks ago.
How well would an economy already struggling with tight credit conditions and weak consumer spending bear the added burden of a tax increase?
But the most controversial section of the legislation was the plan to overhaul the law that blocks new products with any element of futurity from trading on a securities exchange.
Lantos, 62, a member of the House since 1981, terminated an interview last October and requested that further questions be submitted in writing, the newspaper said.
If flight attendants do strike, the airline said it will keep flying, using about 2,000 managers trained as flight attendants were and 200 newly hired replacements.
On average, the London motorist can expect to pick up only one parking ticket for every 50 infringements.
'And you also wonder whether there really are that many opportunities out there in the first place.' THERE is no better measure of Saudi Arabia's business buoyancy than its stock market.
Wold calls itself the nation's biggest distributor of syndicated television programming to independent TV stations and transmits news for Japanese companies.
Jaruzelski's vote to lift the ban on Solidarity concluded his dramatic change of course in the past eight years.
Ceremonies took place at the Decorative Arts Museum, which is honoring the whimsical dog with a retrospective featuring Snoopy memorabilia.
Private investment funds will be created to manage and invest the vouchers on behalf of the public.
But they could overcome an impasse that has thwarted peace efforts since a shaky first truce collapsed last summer.
The two-story frame farm house and the surrounding 25 acres in suburban Mount Pleasant had been slated for part of a residential development, but a citizens group known as Friends of Historic Snee Farm took title to the property over the weekend.
Battle lines are drawn again, however, with two Cuban-Americans already in the race on the Republican side, state Sen. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and millionaire banana importer Carlos Perez, a prominent supporter of former President Reagan and Lt.
UK universities are internationally renowned for the quality of education they give the top 30 per cent of academic achievers.
Only one committee member, Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, D-Ohio, voted against Dunne's confirmation.
Ahmed Shah, a guerrilla designated by the rebel alliance to head an all-rebel interim government, stood in the 95-degree heat and told the crowd his administration would soon move into Afghanistan. He gave no deadline.
The coroner's office ruled after an autopsy was performed on the woman's headless body, basing its findings on the opinions of toxicologists and a pathologist contracted by Riverside County, Cupido said.
Ms. Rossi said someone had called the airline's London office and said a bomb was on board the aircraft.

...

